hey guys how's it going it's Tyler here
and I want to make a short video today
and talk about a real big problem that I
had I'm starting from my childhood and
continued on into adolescence and even
early adulthood I had man boobs it was
really embarrassing my nipples were
really pointy they weren't like huge
where you would notice it like you know
through like layers of clothing but even
a tight shirt or a tank top at the gym
and certainly no going to the beach or
anything like that for me I've met Gary
and I got a hold of his book on how to
lose man boobs and it was really really
a tremendous product I'm gonna show the
results actually because pictures worth
a thousand words so I'm going to show
two pictures one is just me being a fat
kid really when I was way younger and
then two is what I looked like oh gosh I
don't know maybe six to eight months ago
when the man boobs were still pretty
prominent so here I'm going to stop the
video and we're going to show those two
pictures first me being fat and then the
second one is what the man boobs look
like so I'm gonna show those two
pictures to you right now
all right so as you guys can imagine I'm
growing up it's a little fat kid earlier
on in my life he's on the first picture
and then even after I've lost a lot of
weight and I was you know fairly tone
maybe 16 15 percent body fat and but
still having the man boobs did not do a
lot for my confidence I was really shy I
had you know squandered and also the
best years of my life being too shy to
approach girls and go out and really you
know live in the moment just a constant
anxiety a constant insecurity and worry
about it so I'm so so glad that I met
Gary um you know I've been into to
fitness I'd worked at a vitamin store
and you know just been into you know
kind of a gym rat there's nothing out
there for four men who suffers that
works besides besides Gary's book I mean
and I tried a lot before that even like
you know estrogen reducing supplements
so I'm so happy and it's not just you
know losing the man loops the whole odd
chest
sculpting blueprint is actually more
than just the chest so Ashley s I'll
just show you guys the results because a
picture is as they say worth a thousand
words so starting to get some decent
definition in the ABS here I wouldn't
say I have a six-pack yet but you can
see on the sides and kind of around this
area you know starting to get a little
bit of an athletic build the chest isn't
great but it's certainly better than
having man boobs and I'm kind of you
know it's solid but just not huge yet I
have a starting to come through kind of
nicely though and I haven't been on this
too long so looking for even huh that it
was also moving forward so yeah I mean
as you can see I mean it just the the
book I mean that have exercises that
techniques where they it just works you
saw it before and after photos I mean
it's one of these things that you know I
can't urge you to do enough I mean just
this it's just just a self just a
relaxation the self confidence knowing
you can just on a hot day you can just
toss your shirt off you can go swimming
and go to the beach
you can approach a girl and if it goes
well take your shirt off
um hopefully later on when you're alone
with her and just not have to worry
about it I mean you guys don't have a
lot to lose just just you know get the
book at the chest sculpting blueprint um
you know tone yourself up increase your
confidence it's been one of the best
things that I did for myself especially
since like I said you know there's p90x
as all these but others p90x CrossFit
all these you know great programs coming
out but there's they're not targeted for
for manboobs suffers so this is one of
the more of the only thing that I that
I'm aware of that that's for this so you
know just go ahead and get it I couldn't
be happier with the results you've seen
the results you can see how happy I am
so I'm so glad I met Gary and I mean
you've seen it so that's pretty much I
said everything you need to say so uh
thanks for watching guys and again
thanks to Gary and uh see you later